Here are some of the highlights of the discussion with Barb! I wasn't entirely prepped for the meeting, since I thought someone else would have been there with me with their own prompts to address things I may've overlooked. Regardless, she gave us a good starting point.

Important:

1] Idea behind simulation is to follow along 'in advanced' - that is, the video stops before the examiner in it proceeds with the 'correct' choice to give the student taking the simulation a chance to decide what he should do next.

2] The slide-out bar that last semester's team implemented is only to contain the radio buttons for students to keep track of their answers. At the end of the exam, we should present a screen of some sort with a collection of all the answers the subject in the video chose so that the student may score the exam.

3] If we want to implement a structure for grading, it will need to be through foward/back buttons alongside the video, that will record when pressed and then present the ones for the next set (e.g., the student makes the choice "FOWARD" after the first set. So, (s)he clicks the foward button but it is wrong. The simulation informs the student of their error and then moves to the proper set (backward). The student's wrong choice is recorded as a submission somewhere.) The number of correct choices the student made can be printed at the end for grading (or, perhaps later, integrated with blackboard or just some other online method of grading).

4] Current priority is useability - some amount of 'fluff' features are OK during downtime; but, we should aim to get the forward/back/scoring system working as our first goal. She agreed that even things like timestamps could simply be pasted on screen for the time being, and students practicing can just pause at those designated points.

5] Should have a nice, printable final page for grading. We basically just implement the form's actual scoring form in e-form. Later on, we can try including graphs that the student can read standard deviation, percentile, NCE, stanine, actual/mental age, etc.

Not as important:
Some other stuff I wrote down about the test in general, formats, whatnot that we can discuss Thursday.
